New Error Tracking monitor behavior documentation update (#25429)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/types/error_tracking.md

| Alerting&nbsp;condition     | Description    | 
| ---  | ----------- |
|High Impact| Alert on issues with a high number of impacted end users. For example, alert for your service whenever more than 500 users are impacted by this error. |
|New Issue| Alert when an issue occurs for the first time or a regression occurs. For example, alert for your service whenever more than 2 users are impacted by a new error. |

### Define the search query

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "High Impact" %}}

> High Impact monitors alert on issues that are **For Review** or **Reviewed** and that meet your alerting conditions. Read more about [Issue States here][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
High Impact monitors alert on issues that are **For Review** or **Reviewed** and that meet your alerting conditions. Read more about [Issue States][1].
```

> 1. Select **RUM**, **APM**, or **Logs** and construct a search query using the same logic as the [Error Tracking Explorer search][2] for the issues' error occurrences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **RUM**, **APM**, or **Logs** and build a search query using the same logic as the [Error Tracking Explorer search][2] for the issues' error occurrences.
```

> 2. Choose what metric you want to monitor. There are three suggested filter options to access the most frequently used facets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose the metric you want to monitor. There are three suggested filter options to access the most frequently used facets:
```

Triggers when the error count is `above` or `above or equal to`. An alert is triggered whenever a metric crosses a threshold.

[1]: /error_tracking/issue_states
[2]: /error_tracking/explorer
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "New Issue" %}}

> New monitors alert on issues that are **For Review** and that meet your alerting conditions. Read more about [Issue States here][1]. As regressions are transitioned to **For Review** automatically, regression are automatically monitored with New Issue monitors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New monitors alert on issues that are **For Review** and that meet your alerting conditions. Read more about [Issue States here][1]. As regressions are transitioned to **For Review** automatically, they are automatically monitored with New Issue monitors. 
```

1. Select **RUM**, **APM**, or **Logs** and construct a search query using the same logic as the [Error Tracking Explorer search][2] for the issues' error occurrences.

> 2. Choose what metric you want to monitor. There are three suggested filter options to access the most frequently used facets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose the metric you want to monitor. There are three suggested filter options to access the most frequently used facets:
```

**Ignored** issues are errors requiring no additional investigation or action. By marking issues as **Ignored**, these issues are automatically muted from monitor notifications.

> ## New Issue monitors are generating too much noise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting

### Not seeing time-based alerts
`issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` are not added by default because they can cause missed alerts. For instance, if an issue first appears in `env:staging` and then a week later appears in `env:prod` for the first time, the issue would be considered a week old and wouldn't trigger an alert in `env:prod` for the first time.

As a result, Datadog does not recommend using `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age`. However, If state-based monitor behavior is not suitable for you, these filters can still be used if manually specified.

**Note**: if you plan to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` in your monitor that this filter key is not consistent across products (for example, `@issue.age` versus `issue.age`).

### New Issue monitors are generating too much noise
New Issue monitors trigger alerts on issues marked **For Review** that meet your alerting criteria. If issues are not properly triaged (marked as **Reviewed**, **Ignored**, or **Resolved**), a New Issue monitor may trigger more than once for the same issue if the issue fluctuates between OK and ALERT states.

If your monitors are generating too much noise, consider the following adjustments:
- **Triage your alerts**: Set issues to **Reviewed**, **Ignored**, or **Resolved** when appropriate
- **Expand the evaluation time window**: The default evaluation window is 1 day. If errors occur infrequently (for example, every other day), the monitor may switch between OK and ALERT states. Expanding the window helps prevent re-triggering and keeps the monitor in the ALERT state.
- **Increase the alerting threshold**: The default threshold is set to `0`, meaning alerts fire on the first occurrence of a new issue. To reduce noise from one-off or sporadic errors, increase the threshold to alert only after multiple occurrences of an error

```

> As of September 2024, New Issue monitors are no longer time-based by default to help ensure no errors are missed. Previously, monitors created before this change included filters `issue.age` and/or `issue.regression.age`, which are no longer added by default. While not recommended, these filters can still be used if manually specified.

Reviewer: This kind of note should be in a release note. Here we should describe how things work now.
```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Monitors are generating too much noise
```

Author: Let's specify **New Issue monitors are generating too much noise**

> New Issue monitors trigger alerts on issues marked **For Review** that meet your alerting criteria. If issues are not properly triaged (marked as **Reviewed**, **Ignored**, or **Resolved**), a New Issue monitor may trigger more than once for the same issue if the issue fluctuates between OK and ALERT states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> If your monitors are generating too much noise, consider the following adjustments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - **Triage your alerts**: Set issues to **Reviewed**, **Ignored**, or **Resolved** when appropriate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Expand the evaluation time window**: The default evaluation window is 1 day. If errors occur infrequently (e.g., every other day), the monitor may switch between OK and ALERT states. Expanding the window helps prevent re-triggering and keeps the monitor in the ALERT state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expand the evaluation time window**: The default evaluation window is 1 day. If errors occur infrequently (for example, every other day), the monitor may switch between OK and ALERT states. Expanding the window helps prevent re-triggering and keeps the monitor in the ALERT state.
```

> - **Expand the evaluation time window**: The default evaluation window is 1 day. If errors occur infrequently (for example, every other day), the monitor may switch between OK and ALERT states. Expanding the window helps prevent re-triggering and keeps the monitor in the ALERT state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - **Increase the alerting theshold**: The default threshold is set to `0`, meaning alerts fire on the first occurrence of a new issue. To reduce noise from one-off or sporadic errors, increase the threshold to alert only after multiple occurrences of an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Increase the alerting threshold**: The default threshold is set to `0`, meaning alerts fire on the first occurrence of a new issue. To reduce noise from one-off or sporadic errors, increase the threshold to alert only after multiple occurrences of an error
```

> - **Increase the alerting theshold**: The default threshold is set to `0`, meaning alerts fire on the first occurrence of a new issue. To reduce noise from one-off or sporadic errors, increase the threshold to alert only after multiple occurrences of an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Why should issue age be avoided?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Avoid time-based monitors
```

> ### Avoid time-based monitors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` are no longer added by default because they can cause missed alerts. For instance, if an issue first appears in `env:staging` and then a week later appears in `env:prod` for the first time, the issue would be considered a week old and wouldn't trigger an alert in `env:prod` for the first time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` are not added by default because they can cause missed alerts. For instance, if an issue first appears in `env:staging` and then a week later appears in `env:prod` for the first time, the issue would be considered a week old and wouldn't trigger an alert in `env:prod` for the first time. 
```

> `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` are not added by default because they can cause missed alerts. For instance, if an issue first appears in `env:staging` and then a week later appears in `env:prod` for the first time, the issue would be considered a week old and wouldn't trigger an alert in `env:prod` for the first time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Thus, it is no longer recommended to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age`. However, If state based monitor behavior is not suitable for you, these filters can still be used if manually specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, Datadog does not recommend using `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age`. However, If state-based monitor behavior is not suitable for you, these filters can still be used if manually specified.
```

> As a result, Datadog does not recommend using `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age`. However, If state-based monitor behavior is not suitable for you, these filters can still be used if manually specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Note: if you plan to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` in your monitor that this filter key is not consistent across products (i.e `@issue.age` vs. `issue.age`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: if you plan to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` in your monitor that this filter key is not consistent across products (for example, `@issue.age` versus `issue.age`).
```

> **Note**: if you plan to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` in your monitor that this filter key is not consistent across products (for example, `@issue.age` versus `issue.age`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you plan to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` in your monitor, this filter key is not consistent across products. For example, it could be`@issue.age` or `issue.age`.
```

> **Note**: if you plan to use `issue.age` and `issue.regression.age` in your monitor that this filter key is not consistent across products (for example, `@issue.age` versus `issue.age`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
